[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
today's guest is fran drescher the emmy
and golden globe nominated actress who
has had an extraordinary career that has
been decades and covered everything from
broadway to the silver screen in such
memorable film and television projects
as saturday night fever the nanny and
the film that defined my entire youth
uhf she's also a cancer survivor
best-selling author philanthropist
health advocate and the star of the
hilarious new sitcom indebted fran
welcome to the show it is absolutely
wonderful to have you here thank you i'm
delighted to be here i i really cannot
start this show any other way than to
say uhf is quite frankly the film i've
seen more than any other film on the
planet uh so thank you for that it was
absolutely that's so
sweet
you know they recently wrote a book
about weird allen his
contribution to comedy
and uh i wrote
a
a lovely quote for him that's i think on
the book jacket now that's so cool yeah
that uh that movie it's always fun
because i was a film major went to film
school took myself very seriously in
film school and people always ask like
you know what's your favorite movie or
what movie have you seen the most and my
answer was always
uhf so
that was quite unusual in film school
but nonetheless true so mine is always
annie hall
great choice great great movie
absolutely fantastic your whole life has
really been pretty crazy in the
beginning of cancer schmancer you do
this like run down of what your life has
been
um it's it's really pretty extraordinary
um going through some of the things
you've dealt with i think are really
appropriate to what's happening right
now uh with um you know covet 19 and
everything is is really pretty crazy
when you think about
trauma and you think about building back
from that
what's been your secret between the um
the rape and then cancer and yet still
being so um creatively putting out so
much
how has your process been overcoming
that and building back um you know
there's a couple of tools that i have
come to rely on
first of all they're a trust
that wherever you are now is not
permanent
to also know that when you're
in trauma that it's not the time to make
important life-changing decisions
but to trust people that you have come
to trust in your life who truly love you
help guide you
because
they're not in trauma so they're
probably thinking more clearly than you
to get
help because
you need to have a trained ear
to help walk you through your pain
and find your way out the other side
and i think that um
turning your pain into purpose
is very healing and somehow helps make
sense out of the senseless
writing about it even if you don't
become a best-selling author like myself
is very cathartic
and uh
extremely helpful and
there are there's always somebody that
can read your words and benefit by them
or not even if it's just for your own
benefit it's very cathartic and helpful
and then to
ask yourself which is very buddhist and
i am a a buddhist or
as i like to call myself a buju
um
i think asking yourself
what
why is the universe presenting this to
me now
and how can i learn from this experience
on my
journey of self-refinement
so
when you
pose the
question in that way
and you start to think to yourself okay
well why is this being presented to me
and
what is it bringing up in me
and what do i need to see in myself
what is it forcing me to look at
how can i
become better
for it
and
i can say from
experience
that
you know
even though
obviously nobody wants to have anything
bad happen to them i don't either
and i don't wish it on anybody but
one random wednesday afternoon life is
going to bite you on the ass and you're
not going to expect it it's going to be
totally out of left field and then
it's going to possibly change forever
your life
so whatever you thought your life was
going to be
isn't anymore
and it's going to take a little while
for you to absorb this you're going to
kick and scream and say why me lord
but at some point
you're going to have to play the hand
that's been dealt you
as elegantly and courageously as you
possibly can or you're going to become
cemented in what was supposed to be
and
waste the rest of your life being bitter
i don't think that's
what you should do it certainly wasn't
my choice
my
mom always used to say
you know man plans and god laughs and
that's true
because we we don't have a crystal ball
nobody knows what's going to happen five
minutes from now let alone the rest of
our lives
so naively we kind of
make plans for the future
and that helps us to make some choices
along the way
but when the plan that you've been
playing
doesn't work anymore
you have to plan a new play
and play that one
and it's hard you really have to shift
gears
in a very big way
takes a lot of strength and courage
but the deeper you go in the new
direction
that has been kind of dictated for you
other things happen things you never
imagined
you go to places you never thought
possible
you turn into somebody you never
imagined yourself to be
and you let the river carry you you let
life carry you
and along the way you keep asking
yourself
why is this being presented to me how
can i
become a better person through this
experience what is it
bringing up in me what is what do i see
in myself that i think i could
improve and
that is the journey of life
it
you said something back there that i
think is really interesting which is
that okay you've got these plans
something happens and now you have to
change but that change is hard
i've talked to a lot of people um in my
life that i feel like they
when they went through trauma the trauma
really came to define them and i'd like
to tease apart that the hard part what
is it about that change is hard
and um ultimately we'll get to the
buddhism but as far as i know you didn't
have those tools earlier in your life so
i'd be curious how you
dealt with it in the early days versus
how you deal with it now where you have
a more
robust tool kit so when when you first
were assaulted for instance um how like
i've always wondered how do people have
fun again like how do they be playful
again how did you not let that become
part of your identity was that conscious
were you going through therapy like what
was that sort of first tool bag grab
that you went to
well on night one i
grabbed a joint
[Laughter]
and
you know i did start therapy
um
i learned to trust the people that were
advising me
even though
i didn't agree with it it didn't feel
authentic to me
i wanted to leave town yeah that's what
i want to know like what i wanted to
move i wanted to give up the business i
thought when i had a gun to my head i
wasn't thinking about the awards i
didn't win or the parts i didn't play
i felt like i was living in a war zone i
wanted to move someplace that was on an
island maybe someplace
more safe smaller
and i would have gone like
that week
but my manager and very dear friend who
is somewhat of a surrogate mother out
here in l.a
um
said you know honey i don't think you're
in a position to make these kinds of
life-changing decisions right now
and i think you should give it six
months
and if in six months you feel like you
want to go
then i'll help you pack
and i didn't want to say i felt very dan
you know like i was in danger
and i was very on edge
but i knew that she loved me
and i knew that she was very wise
and i knew that i had been
severely traumatized and was not maybe
thinking clearly
so i
i listened to her even though it went
against the grain for me
and she was right within you know by six
months
i was no longer talking about moving
i was just thinking about moving on
and that's you know the healthy
transition to make
um and i think that uh
you know i also
moved in with friends
i didn't stay at my house i was scared
to stay at my house
so for like three months
i lived
at
a friends
and uh actually it was the acroids peter
my husband and myself moved in with them
and they were
you know in a secure
gated home
and
we just felt safe not being alone
because peter and i were both
you know like scared and uh we kept
igniting each other's fear
if i'd get scared he'd get scared there
was nobody between us to calm the other
one down
so we needed to be with normal people
who had not been through the trauma
so
that was another thing that
i did and then i got a movie
and
i took it it was a comedy i didn't feel
like being funny but we needed the money
and
so i did it
you know i mean it was hard for me
to
um
go to work to be in my dressing room i
mean i was very fearful back then
especially
right then
and that was when i started bringing my
dog to most places with me
because even if you have a small dog
like your dog
uh which was the breed i used to have
they are good watch dogs see now i have
a watchdog
you know i mean when i had my
pomeranians it would be like they're
great watch dogs but now what
you know but now i have a dog who's like
you know she's like part wolf so
uh
it's she's a good watchdog and she's a
threatening looking animal
and i feel good about that because
when you're um
violated like i was
um
that leaves its imprint on you
it never goes away completely
you get on with your life and
you know there was a wonderful
play
i think it was called
down the rabbit hole
and
there's a monologue in it and they were
talking about the death of a child
but it anybody in the audience could
relate because no one leaves this planet
unscathed and
pain
is pain
and uh
in this play
it
the in the monologue
the woman said
that at first you feel like you
are buried beneath a huge heavy boulder
and the weight of it is so overwhelming
you just can't
endure it
but given time
you're able to kind of push the boulder
off you just enough to see some sunlight
and then you're able to kind of
climb out from under it
and
stand up
then
as time goes on
the boulder becomes like a brick in your
pocket
you're not always aware of it
but sometimes
you remember
that there's this weight in your pocket
and you're reminded
and that's the way you go on for the
rest of your life
with
something that's profoundly
shockingly
traumatizing and painful
the important thing is that pain will
find its way in your body
if you don't let it out
and my problem back then was that
i didn't really
really explore
the depths of despair that i was in
i kind of was still in that superwoman
mode
and i thought i needed to be
strong and pick myself up and dust
myself off
take the job doing the movie get on with
my life
and
i remember once i was in a restaurant
[Music]
they
i think it was a bus boy or a server
dropped a tray
and it made a loud crashing noise which
obviously everyone in the restaurant
noticed but i leaped
to my feet
and screamed
i didn't even
know without even thinking about it it
was an absolutely primal response
because the pain was so close to the
surface
that the loud noise
just uh and everybody in the restaurant
looked at me
as i slinked back down into my chair
and
[Music]
over the years
i think that
not really dealing with that pain
that fear
[Music]
turned into
poetically my uterine cancer
because i got a
gynecologic cancer
and after not dealing with
the pain of a rape
i have to say that is i've heard you
talk about that before that is
very
weird
um
well it's uh you mean that i would get a
gynecological specifically right so
but it's not weird i mean if you believe
in asian
wisdom and medicine
uh
it's
it's actually not weird at all there
there are very specific kinds of traumas
that seem to
lodge themselves in certain parts of the
body that's really interesting so i
don't know how much you've explored um
the way that psychedelics and mdma are
being used with trauma recovery it's
something i'm really fascinated by so
the whole idea of trauma and the way
that it defines people's lives are
people i'm very close to
that have really had
basically all of their identity formed
by early trauma the number of people
that are defined by their childhoods i
find absolutely terrifying um and
this notion of okay so you've been
through a trauma and now what we're
going to have you do is what you're
talking about you're going to revisit
that trauma but you're going to do it
when you're on let's say mdma so you've
got mdma which is flooding your brain
with serotonin you're now whether you
want to be or not no matter what you're
thinking about you're going to be
feeling good you're going to feel
love and connectedness and all of the
wonderful things that that sort of brain
state brings and now we're going to have
you revisit your trauma what they find
is
certainly all of this sort of self-blame
all of the punishing myself all of that
begins to wash away and people have
they're able to revisit this trauma with
a sense of love and acceptance and
compassion and they're talking about for
people with intractable depression ptsd
intractable anxiety that a single
treatment has a an effective rate of
something like 80 to 85 percent um which
is really really pretty extraordinary
one thing i wanted to ask you more about
is when you talk about
um i forget the exact word you use like
dealing with the pain releasing the pain
letting it go um expressing it what
one that's what i want to understand
like how do you do that what is the sort
of physical manifestation um if somebody
has been through that sort of trauma
how can they let it go like what is that
process because if i step into a so i
know eastern philosophy quite well um i
wouldn't call myself a buddhist i
certainly don't understand it at that
level but i have studied it enough to
understand this too shall pass and and
um you know clinging and suffering and
and all of that and and that i get right
it's a contraction it's pulling it in
it's holding on to it um versus you know
expanding and letting something go
how do you
physically as a process
process through the pain and release it
well
first of all you have to
sit get comfortable
sitting with pain
you can't
numb yourself from your pain
you can't anesthetize yourself from your
pain you have to sit
in pain
um
and that's a very difficult thing to do
because as i said the first thing i did
when i was raped
at 25 was grab a joint
today
you know i wouldn't do that because i
understand that i have to feel my
feelings
and i went to a very good a really
serious older woman
psychotherapist for many years and she
said to me
you know you can't come stoned to these
sessions
and she said because this is all about
feeling your feelings
not
numbing yourself from your feelings
and so that was the beginning
of me
feeling my feelings
and uh
understanding that the reason why i used
to smoke so much pot was because i was
numbing myself from my feelings i didn't
have tools how to
experience my feelings how to articulate
my feelings or how to even acknowledge
them without feeling like i was being
selfish or self-indulgent
these were words that i used to use if i
put myself into the equation because i
had spent the better part of my life
from early childhood
being needless
and getting a lot of reinforcement for
that so i had to learn how to recognize
my own needs and not
make every decision
based off of what's best for the
collective but actually put myself in
first position
and make sure that it's good for me too
to become a
well-rounded human being you must
you must acknowledge who you are
uh and that it's you're living your life
and everything around you and everybody
that you meet and everything that
crosses your path and every experience
that you have is opportunities
on your journey of self-refinement
that's the point it's a big classroom
and it's for your benefit
when did buddhism enter into all of this
and what are some of the biggest lessons
that it's helped you with i'm going to
take a zipper t
[Laughter]
um
you know i didn't grow up religious
although i am of the jewish faith
in my family we honored more
the heritage the struggles
the
the family
the matriarch
education
these are the things that i recall
being a big through line growing up we
would get together for the holidays as a
reason to be
with family and friends and gratitude
but we'd almost never follow any of the
rules
[Laughter]
and um
and i remained that way
my sister
less so she raised two daughters she
wanted them to go to hebrew school she
wanted them to be bar mitzvah i never
embraced that i think that there are
many different
belief systems that offer a lot of
wisdom and it's worth exploring them as
they
present themselves to you
if they resonate with you
so that was my thing
and then a girlfriend of mine
uh
one day gave me a book of buddhist
offerings
that was
like 365 days
so she said i keep it in my kitchen
because we always go into the kitchen
first
in the morning every day and i simply
turn the page
and it's another
buddhist
wisdom
offering
from a myriad
of different uh
you know
sage thinkers
and
um
not
and they may not even all be buddhists
some may be hindus some may be
you know but they're all
dancing around that same kind of
philosophy
and sometimes they say things
some are long gone and quite ancient and
others are walking right now with us do
you remember any of the ones that really
hit you
um
[Music]
well
over and over again
uh being present is a very important
thing
when you have to explain that to people
the notion of being present this is
something i think a lot of people
they get the words they know each of the
words individually but when you string
them together to be present where i
don't think it really lands with people
how do you explain that concept
well you know how people sometimes say
uh where does the time go
most of the time goes
dwelling in the future or the past
and that's why it
time escapes us
the most important time is the now
but how do we stay in the now
when the mind keeps wanting to ruminate
about a conversation that annoyed you
from three weeks ago
or you're fearful or anticipating or
worried about a future that you have
zero control over
so we spend a lot of time
doing that and a third of a life was
sleeping so you know there isn't really
a moment to waste
um
[Music]
so
being in the now right now
is very important so how do you do that
well that's why
uh
some cultures promote meditating what's
meditating that's a being
very
single-minded so you're staying with
what you're trying to focus on as much
as possible and then the mind's going to
drift off and you're going to start
thinking about what you want to make for
dinner and then you're going to have
that
awareness behind the thought
which is also something you cultivate
and get better at of oh god now i'm
thinking about dinner so let me go back
to thinking about you know my breathing
and maybe i might have a mantra that
someone gave me or you could just say om
or you could just say love or you could
just say god whatever you want it
doesn't matter now are you ever great at
it
no you're never great at it do you keep
doing it you try to keep doing it
because in the doing of it
you begin to notice
you're getting a little calmer
you're getting a little more aware
and throughout the day you'll notice oh
god i'm off in
somewhere and i'm not
in the present so you do cultivate that
ability
more and more
then the other thing is that i do and
that um
i was taught to do which is a very good
tool is look at them
look around you
notice where you are
it could be
that corner of my ceiling the most
mundane thing that i haven't looked at
like forever and i don't really care
about but there it is and it's uh this
line and that line suddenly you're
pulled into the moment because you're
forcing yourself to look at the mundane
with wide-eyed wonder
and that is being present
so whenever you find yourself in the
future in the past which is robbing you
of your precious life
pull yourself back into the moment by if
nothing else noticing the mundane
sometimes i'll be here in los angeles we
drive a lot and i'm stuck in traffic
and back in the day
i would be like oh my god i got to get
to where i'm going and it's like not
anymore because i'm a buddhist and the
universe wants me to be here so here is
where i'm at okay i can't control this
so
i'm going to look around and notice
where i am
and suddenly i see things that i didn't
see before
i notice a flag blowing in the breeze i
notice you know the reflection on the
ocean i notice the driver next to me i
notice a car
with a dog looking at me and i'm looking
at the dog and all of a sudden i'm in
the moment i'm not anxious that i'm not
where i can't get to anyway
i'm dealing with what is because what is
is
and nothing else matters and the more
you can do that in your life
the more you can be
in the moment
that is the gift of living and it
protracts your life
it makes life it slows life down
in a very
meaningful way
you've obviously put together a lot of
really useful tools and i know that i
still can't believe this is true but the
the night when you were raped you
actually had someone over for dinner who
was also raped have you guys stayed in
contact has she also developed tools
have you guys um supported each other
through that how has has she and you
know obviously you can only speak for so
much but um how has she dealt with it
we are still very very good friends
i don't know uh
how she
um
del how she was affected by it i should
say
as compared to me
um
because
i don't think that she became
as scared as i became
i don't know if she was as traumatized
but it wasn't in her home
so that's a significant difference
because
you feel safe you should feel hopefully
safe in your home
and i think that's
probably the biggest chasm of difference
between us it wasn't her home
it was my own she went home to her home
right
i was stuck in my home
and the home no longer felt
as safe to me
i had to
climb out of that pit
i got a lot of security i lived very
defensively
um
but
but also i had to learn how to get past
that this whole notion of safety i find
really interesting especially right now
i think that with um you know a pandemic
literally hitting i think a lot of
people are gonna feel unsafe probably
two things one just am i gonna get sick
and then two obviously financially
having gone through cancer which
feels i'm sure i haven't thankfully had
it
but i'm guessing you do feel a sense
that your body is somewhat turned on you
how do you re-establish that sense of
safety you talk in the book the book
sort of ends at the first year of you um
having gone through this
and i know in that you there was like a
constant sense of oh my god is it going
to come back is it going to come back
how do you re-establish that sense of
safety in your own body
well i you know and i think that this is
pretty true for most cancer survivors
you know you get a headache and you
think oh my god brain tumor you have a
cough and you think oh my god lung
cancer
you know it takes a while to trust your
body again and suddenly a headache is
just a headache a cough is just a cough
and a sneeze is just a sneeze
um
again you know time helps you with that
trusting your body but you know one of
the silver linings and there were many
uh from the cancer experience from every
experience and most of the best growing
that we do
comes out of pain that's why they call
it growing pains
uh
was that i founded the cancer schmancer
movement
and
you know that's a great example of
turning my pain into purpose
and helping other people
and uh you know
one of the things about my
movement that's maybe different from
other health nonprofits is that we're a
very empowering organization
and we're not looking for a cure for
cancer
we're telling you what the causes are
and how to eliminate them and what you
need to do to bolster your immune system
and how you need to focus in on your
body so you become the thermostat of
your body and realize when things are
compromising it when it's going off
kilter what you need to do to restore it
and put it back
to its perfect optimum
level
and the vision is a daily practice and
we're not really taught that anywhere in
western culture and it's really really
sad because it's much more common in
asian cultures and indigenous cultures
and we've been dumbed down and numbed
down to think that we have to
depend
on a a pharmaceutical drug or an
inoculation
or your doctor or hospital
to make you well when we have
so much independent of that to help our
bodies be strong so that we don't get
sick in the first place and so a thing
that we always say is take control of
your body
um and so you know even during these
strange and challenging times
of a pandemic
i think it's important that people know
that food is medicine and bolstering
your immune system is key
to be able to resist viruses
we expose ourselves to
a myriad of viruses each and every day
the reason why the species continues is
because we have this amazing thing
called an immune system
and we have to learn how to protect it
how to take care of it how to nurture it
how to honor it and how to honor our
bodies
when you say to be a thermostat
what do you mean by that exactly
well like for example
uh
a thermostat is something that you
set the point that the optimum comfort
uh temperature in your home let's say 72
degrees
okay so then suddenly a door opens a big
wind comes in and it drops down but the
thermostat recognizes that and clicks on
the heat or suddenly there's a heat wave
and the temperature rises so the
thermostat clicks on because it
recognizes that we're no longer at our
the optimum temperature and it clicks on
the air conditioning okay so that's the
function of the thermostat in your own
body
you you're the intelligence you are the
thermostat of how the systems
within your body are functioning
so
if your boss yells at you and you didn't
do anything wrong you're going to be
stressing you have to have the
intelligence to say okay i'm really
stressed about this that's going to
compromise my immune system so what am i
going to do about that well
i can meditate
i can
you know sit quietly for 10 minutes i
could take a walk out in the fresh air
and feel the sun shine and listen to the
bird song
i could amp up on my antioxidants which
is helpful
take a couple of vitamin c wouldn't hurt
these are the ways that you become the
intelligent thermostat of your body
always
trying to keep
mind body and spirit in balance
and at its optimal checkpoint now you
know
when you have felt like fantastic
it's like ah
i feel so great
it's usually pretty fleeting
but whenever that is that's what you're
always trying to get to
and you do that
by being mindful
of mind body and spirit so how is your
mind controlling you or are you
controlling your mind
what are thoughts are you allowing in
and then um
body are you honoring your body if
you're tired lay down
if you're you know if you're hungry eat
what are you eating
what personal care items are you using
at cancer schmancer we have a very
progressive program called detox your
home
because the home is the most toxic place
we spend the most time in and ironically
have the most control over so if you're
eating industrial farm foods that's
filled with pesticides and herbicides
and gmos and
and growth hormones and antibiotics
you are not doing yourself a service at
all and you're going to start
experiencing
a lot of things that you may not connect
with the fact that you're eating food
that's filled with toxins
but
if you have arthritis if you have
autoimmune problems if you have leaky
gut if you have skin problems
there are so many things that your body
will express its unhappiness
that you are ingesting and putting
topically on
toxins
steer clear of that all of it and
cleaning products oh my god
you're doing yourself more harm than
good yourself your family your pets
your garden what are some big things
outside of food that people are making
just like super common mistakes on
toothpaste
toothpaste if you're using a toothpaste
and most of the major brands i would say
that on the back says you know do not
swallow or call poison control
really is there anything more
counter-intuitive than that to something
that you put in your mouth
every day
usually a few times a day
step away from that toothpaste just you
know i don't usually tell people to
throw things away but
the mouth and the gums are gateway
to dis ease
so
you know think people
because if you're using anything
that on the ingredients aren't just
simple ingredients that might have grown
in your grandma's garden
don't use it you're one of the few
people that i hear talking about um
grounding or earthing as some people
call it um what are some of the the
positive things that people can do so
obviously um be careful what you eat
removing toxicity from your life
whatever humanly possible
what are some of the the proactive
things that they can do to be healthier
well when you mention grounding
so what what is grounding you know when
that third prong in your electric plug
that's a grounding plug why do we have
that because the earth
that that's attached inside the socket
goes way down into the earth
because the earth helps ground us
we are we are
uh creatures of this planet we are one
with this planet and we need to ground
ourselves with the earth's energy we
wear a lot of rubber soled shoes that
disconnects us with the earth's energy
walk barefoot more walk on the earth
barefoot more walk on the beach more
there's a reason why people
uh you know you go to people like to
vacation by the ocean a lot and it puts
them into more of a state of relaxation
because there are negative ions that
come off of the ocean that decompresses
us walking on the sand decompresses us
because we're getting the earth's energy
so all that
is part of grounding and having an
awareness of reducing the
electromagnetic fields so that's uh you
know that's what when we talk about
grounding
that's very important because you have
to realize that the human body is
all
electrical it's just a big energy field
and
so
what
complements the energy versus what
discombobulates it is part of why we
experience dis-ease
and uh you know it
we really
have to pay a lot of attention to how to
live a toxic free life
to have an emotionally balanced life to
make kindness and compassion your
compass
you know these are the things that
become a daily practice and
you're never perfect at it otherwise you
know what would this life be about
and i just urge everybody to go to
cancersmansa.org because what we offer
you there's a level of
such uh informative video that you can
view for free
from some of the most outside of the box
brilliant doctors
who went to medical school drank the
kool-aid started practicing began to
think there's got to be a better way got
woke and became the founders of
functional medicine which is what
we at cancer schmancer align ourselves
with now and they're all there we do an
annual master class health summit and
the one that we had just put out is
there for everyone to see we're trying
to educate people through this
time of you know the pandemic
and empower them one thing i'd love to
ask you about in terms of um sort of
optimizing our human condition and you
being a comedian and such an enormously
successful one how much does the
laughter and the levity play a role in
the healing process
well i'm glad you asked that because
laughter definitely is the best medicine
and that's been scientifically proven
i'm only watching comedies and cooking
shows which for me is the equivalent of
sucking my thumb and twirling my hair
and
we do believe
that you know
trying to be joyful
in uh you know harder times
is a little more challenging but it's
when it's especially needed and one of
the things that i learned
um
through all of my experiences
is that side by side
with
um
despair lies joy
and
you just have to kind of
look
over for it
and see it
miracles abound everywhere even a tiny
little
flower growing between the crack of a
you know of a cement
sidewalk
it's
it's there notice it be present lift
your spirits with the natural world
it's really
a very um
soothing
and healing
and uh feeding into all of this in terms
of uh bringing a little bit of ray of
sunshine in this super weird time you've
got your new show indebted
yes thank you for bringing that yeah of
course so um
how are you on thursday nights on nbc at
9 30 8 30 central i love some of the
cool things you've done in terms of
bringing the cast together you said that
you know when you're doing a show you
really have to do things to bond to come
together that a little touch uh can go a
long way in in this time where we can't
connect in that way how have you um work
to keep either them together or other
people in your life what are you doing
to
um to stay connected with people
well you know it's really interesting
how all this social media
and face timing and skype and and zoom
and all of these
ways that we can connect with the
outside world is factoring so heavily
into
our daily life
um
so that's i've been in gratitude for
facetime for a long time because it's
how i get to see my parents every day
and
i feel so blessed that it was invented
while i still have them
so that's you know the miracle of
technology
but it doesn't
you know hold a candle to being with
your family taking a walk
you know playing a game together
suddenly people are doing puzzles
you know it's getting back to basics
and that's great too
cooking baking
eating together talking
everybody watching a movie together on
you know
a stream network or something
it's all there for us and
it's going to be
you know
as much of a devastating time as it will
be
a
a joyful time if we allow it to be a
time to reconnect a time to let the
planet heal a little bit from all the
noise from all the abuse from all the
pollution
a time to just self-reflect
and
dial everything back to a simpler
experience of what life should be like
and if in this time people wanted to
connect with you or anytime for that
matter uh what's the best way to connect
with you cancer schmancer
obviously told people that the new show
indebted is thursdays so check that out
but what's the best way to connect with
you well i'm on instagram official
friend dresher as well as
uh facebook which is also official fan
dresser and twitter is just fran
drescher
not just but friends russia
and uh
and that's a good way i i check in with
that i i answer back to people and um
and it's a good way to know what's going
on with me
and then of course cancersmansa.org
which particularly now it that's so much
got my
you know
imprint on it everywhere
and i moderate interviews and it's just
it's such a great learning uh
opportunity
and it's comforting because all we do is
empower you because knowledge is power
now you're doing so many things in your
life what ultimately is the impact that
you want to have on the world
well i um
you know i mean i i feel blessed that
i'm able to make people laugh
and i feel
uh
like
particularly as a celebrity that has the
kind of reach that i have
an ability to influence people
um
i'm very
grateful that i you know i
i apply it towards the greater good i
you know i mean there are things
that concern me and
uh the way we look at our health
obviously that's a big one but
you know going to the mat for those who
are marginalized and protecting animals
in the planet
and cleaning up our food
well said
well guys this is uh
totally unexpected for me i was shocked
at the depth of her life and experience
and how much she brings to her comedy
and how much she is bringing to the
world in terms of information and trying
to help people avoid some of the
difficulties that she's been through
it's really pretty extraordinary i
highly encourage you guys to read her
book it's phenomenal her shows are
hilarious one after the other definitely
check that out
i'm grateful for everything you've
contributed to my life as i said one of
my all-time favorite films uhf i'm
absolutely amazing if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe here and
until next time my friends be a
legendary take care
thank you thank you and i really
appreciate it thank you fail on your
idea or don't succeed on your idea
it hurts so much less you go well i did
my best i tried i had a good time
i at least this happened you could look
at the glass half full
you know you can do all these wonderful
things if it's yours